Hello and welcome to this online course developed for you,
the instructor, to help teach advanced on road cycle skills.
This course has been developed to provide you
with strategies and examples of good practice
in any cycle training environment.
For example, complex infrastructure, multi-lane roundabouts,
junctions controlled by traffic lights.
This will give you the confidence to do this well.
There's loads of reasons why people may need this training.
They may want to explore the countryside, commute to work,
go for a ride with their family, or go shopping even.
We really do hope you enjoy the training
and learn lots along the way.